- Dad?
- Yes, Anna?
- Can you tell me
a scary story?
- Once upon a time,
there was a little girl
called... Anna.
And she lived in
a big house in the countryside.
One dark and very creepy night,
she was asleep in bed.
All of a sudden, she woke up.
From downstairs,
she heard a noise,
the floorboards creaking.
Creak, creak, creak.
And then a voice began talking.
"Anna!
I'm coming to get you."
Then silence.
- What happened?
- Beneath the blanket,
Anna heard breathing.
She felt
the thing moving closer.
Long fingers on the blanket.
And when Anna thought
she couldn't take anymore,
the voice said...
"I'm right here,
"and I've...
got you!"
That was a good one.
- Okay you, time to sleep.
Nana's going to bed too,
so no wandering around, okay?
Okay.
- Lights on or off?
- On.
- Sleep tight.
- Don't let the bed bugs bite.
- Dad?
Dad?
Daddy? Nana?
Anna!
I thought I heard the door.
It's so lovely to see you.
- Yeah and you.
- That's one of you
nan's favorites.
- Yeah mine, too.
- So, so sorry to
hear about your dad.
- Oh, yeah. Thank you.
- I so enjoyed his visits.
Your nan loved him being here.
Such a lovely, lovely guy.
- Yeah, he really was.
- How was the journey?
- Yeah, lovely, fine, yeah.
- Oh, good.
- Wow, this place never changes.
- I know. I know.
Well, she's so
excited to see you.
Lucy.
Lucy darling,
look who I've got here.
- Hey, Nan.
- Maggie?
- No, it's-it's Anna,
sweetheart.
It's Anna,
your gorgeous granddaughter.
- Anna?
- That's right, darling.
I'll go put the kettle on
and give you
a chance to catch up.
- Hi, Nan.
- Is Maggie here, too?
- No.
Maggie's not here.
It's just me.
- That's a shame.
- I'm here to look after you.
- Hmm.
- Bet you need that
after your long drive.
You must try not to
take it personally, Anna.
- Hmm.
She doesn't even remember me.
It's just that,
sometimes she's lost in the fog
and sometimes
she's finds her way out,
but she's still the same
person you grew up loving.
She's so happy you're here.
- Hmm.
Hmm.
Strange being back.
I have so many memories
tied to this house.
Hmm.
- Anna.
Ready or not
here I come.
You can't hide forever.
I'm coming to get you.
I wonder where Anna is?
Lets get another one.
- Okay.
- Where could she be?
I wonder if she's here!
- You want to play another one?
- Yes.
- Ten. Nine.
Eight. Seven. Six. Five...
- It's really good you're here.
You know, it's important
being around family,
it's going to
do your gran a lot of good.
- Yeah, well, I hope so.
- Um, and I'll be back
about ten in the morning
- Yeah, great.
- if that's alright with you?
- Alright darling,
everything will be okay.
- Alright.
- Night, darling.
- Bye. Night.
- Get home safe.
- Yeah.
- You look
just like your father.
Same eyes.
You've got Harry's eyes.
- Have I?
- Where is Harry?
Will he be staying here, too?
- No, Nan.
He's not with us anymore.
- Where did he go?
- He's gone.
Dad...
Harry died, Nan.
- Yes. No. Of course.
I knew that, I knew that.
Such a shame.
Lovely man.
Hm.
He used to dance with me,
insisted on it.
He knew how much
I enjoy dancing.
Lovely man.
- Hmm. He was.
- I remember the wedding.
Happiest day of Maggie's life.
Oh, they loved
each other so much.
- Do you remember
much about Maggie?
- She loved your father,
loved him with all her heart.
My Maggie.
How happy she was.
Harry danced with me
at the wedding.
He was always
playing the same song.
Erm, what was it?
He played it all the time.
I can hear it now.
Ooh...
Erm, what was it called?
Everyone knew
it was Harry's song.
We danced to it together.
- Nan, it's alright.
- What was it? What was it?
- Nan, it's okay. Nan. Nan. Nan.
- It's okay, it's okay.
Nan! I know the song,
I know the song.
It's okay, I know the song.
♪ A love no one understands
♪ You and me
Always hand in hand
♪ Some say it's wrong
But I don't care ♪♪
- My Maggie.
- It's Anna,
not Maggie, you remember.
- Nonsense.
- Maggie died a long time ago.
- Go to sleep.
It's your bed time.
We don't want to
wake up your father
otherwise he'll get angry.
Give me a kiss then.
- Goodnight.
Nan?
Nana?
Oh, Nan.
Are you okay, Nan?
Here, let me help you up.
Here, hold on to me.
Oh, Nan.
- Wh... Where are we?
- We're in the kitchen, at home.
What you doing?
- I'm clearing up the mess.
Do I know you?
- I'm your granddaughter, Anna.
- Oh, yes. Anna.
She's my granddaughter.
Such a clever girl.
- Oh, Nan.
Let's get you back to bed, okay?
Hold on to me.
That's it, slowly.
- She's okay.
Let her sleep a bit longer.
- Yeah.
She's the only
family I have, you know?
I just want to keep her safe.
- Of course you do.
That's what family's all about.
Protecting each other.
Looking out for each other.
I mean, in effect
you're the parent now.
- Oh god, Karen.
Then we're in big trouble.
Oh.
Hey, buddy.
- He won't talk to
anyone else but me.
Very rude.
I told him,
I said, "That's rude."
- That's very rude.
- Morning, Nan.
- I didn't know.
I would've stopped it.
Always at night,
creeping around,
hidden in the shadows.
- Oh yeah.
- It's good to get
out the house for a bit.
What do you reckon, Nan?
Do you remember we used to
pick the fruit off the trees?
- I'm not supposed
to be out here.
- Yeah, course you are, Nan,
it's your garden.
- Oh, sweet birdies.
- Yeah, they're lovely.
- They fly wherever they want.
Free to see everything.
- Yeah, they do.
- Little birds.
- Lovely.
Alright, come on.
- Maggie loved this garden.
She used to play
hopscotch just over there.
Drew on the stones with chalk.
- What was she like?
My mother?
- My sweet Maggie.
She loved your father.
She would've
loved you even more.
When she was ten
or maybe eleven...
She tried to run away.
She was gone for a day or two,
I was worried sick.
William found her,
hiding in the orchard.
She'd been eating the fruit.
William adores her.
- Nan. Grandad, he's--
- I wish he'd visit more often
but he's a very busy man.
Keeps an eye on
the house, though.
I'm sure he'll be back soon.
- Nan. Grandad, he's...
He died. Long time ago.
Just after mum, when I was born.
You remember.
- He loved her.
We both did.
I'm not supposed
to talk about it.
- Why?
- Little birds see everything.
Oh... oh... oh...
- What is it, Nan?
- Look.
- There's nothing there, Nan.
- Let me
get you back inside, okay.
- Let's see if you're
going to work today.
Ooh!
- No, that's not fair.
You said you wouldn't.
Please don't.
I won't say anything.
I won't talk.
No!
No, you listen to me for once.
Stay away from her.
- Ah!
- I won't let you.
You've done enough.
Leave her alone.
- Ah, bloody thing.
- You didn't hear her?
- Hear what?
Anna, what's happening?
- What's happening?
- I heard her talking.
- Well, she does
talk to herself sometimes.
- No, I mean there was
someone in here with her.
I heard another voice, Karen.
Excuse me.
So you didn't hear anything?
- Well no,
I mean I was hoovering,
I was trying to hoover.
- I just, I don't understand,
I heard another voice
on the receiver, I know I did.
- Maybe it picked up
a radio station or something.
I mean, that thing's
got to be as old as the house,
I'm surprised it works at all.
- Yeah, maybe. I--
- And you know,
it might sound silly,
but the first few days in this
house are bound to be muddling.
Your gran's symptoms
can really mess with your head.
Yeah.
Look at you you're freezing.
- Yeah.
- Go and get warm
and dry, darling.
So sudden.
At least it felt sudden.
But I wasn't ready
to lose Dad you know?
- Yeah, I know.
I don't think
you can ever really be ready.
Both my parents faded slowly
so I had ages to prepare,
but it's still
devastating when they die.
- When I was about
twelve or thirteen
I had this pet goldfish.
I begged Dad
for weeks to get one
and finally he gave in.
I called him Nibbles,
because he used to eat
the food out of my hand.
One day I came home
and Nibbles just seemed strange.
My-- A goldfish.
It was a goldfish,
but something
just seemed different.
Well, a couple of months ago,
about a week before Dad passed,
he told me that one day
whilst I was at school,
Nibbles had died.
He found him floating
at the top of the tank,
but instead of telling me,
he went out
and bought another fish,
buried Nibbles
in the back garden,
covered up his death
and kept it a secret from me
for over twenty years.
Because he knew how
devastated I would've been.
- Your gran talks about
your dad all the time,
your mum too, actually.
- She keeps mistaking me
for her which is weird.
Knowing that my life
caused her death
has always kind of
haunted me really.
- No, Anna, no.
You can't,
you can't think of it like that.
- It's hard not to,
though really.
- From what your
gran says to me,
you know, your mum and dad,
they wanted you more than
anything else in the world.
- Yeah.
- Isn't that amazing?
- Whenever I hear that sound
it sends a shiver down my spine.
Makes me think that Dad
is still watching over me.
Silly, I know.
- Not silly.
You must be
still just awash with grief
and there's
no deadline for that.
- I just feel really lost
without him, you know?
Do you believe in
life after death--
- Ah! Uh! Beast!
Oh, this house will
be the death of me.
More wine, right now.
Oh, wow.
Bye, love. See you tomorrow.
Nana?
Is that you?
♪ A love no one understands
Nan?
Let's get you back to bed, okay?
It's not safe
for you to be out...
- Anna?
Anna, are you there?
He's here.
I think I'm losing my mind.
- No, you're not.
You're just really,
really tired.
And stress can do really
curious things to us, too.
But what you've got to remember,
is that most of the time
she's kind of in a world
of her own, you know,
and what seems like
weird behavior to us
is perfectly normal to her
and if we try to correct it
or question her,
it's like saying to her
that everything
she knows is a lie.
- I just don't want
to be in this house.
- No.
- I've never liked it
and I don't even know why.
I need to be here for Nan.
I want to keep her safe
and I love her so much,
and I don't--
- Do you want me
to stay tonight?
Would that be a thing?
- Oh god, would you?
- Yes. Of course I would.
- Okay.
- It's okay, it's okay.
- Karen?
- That hairstyle
was all the rage back then.
- It really suited you, Nan.
- Young and care free.
Old and cared for now.
- Happens to the best of us.
- Oh. Little Anna.
Just like her mother.
- I remember that
rope swing in the garden.
- Your father climbed
to the very top of that tree
so you could have
a swing in the garden.
Up and up he went,
until I could hardly see him.
I was terrified
he was going to fall.
You were the apple of his eye.
He would've done
anything for you.
So innocent.
I should've...
- Should've what, Nan?
- I'm not supposed
to talk about it.
- You're not supposed to
talk about what, Nan?
- Oh.
No!
- Nan?
Nan? Nan?
Nan! Nan!!
Nan, stop! Nan!
Stop!
Nan, please stop!
Nan, stop please!
- No!
- Calm down.
Nan, please.
- No! No! No!!
- Nan, please! Stop!
Look at me,
you're going to hurt yourself.
Stop, please!
- Leave! Leave!
- Nan.
- It's okay. It's okay, Lucy.
It's okay, Lucy.
- You have to leave!
- It's okay, Lucy.
It's okay, love.
Try to calm down.
- You have to leave!
No, no she has to go!
No, no, no, no...
Hello.
- I didn't mean to startle you.
- No, it's okay.
- It's Anna, isn't it?
- Yeah, that's right.
- Well, I haven't seen you in...
I don't know,
it must be twenty years.
- I'm sorry I haven't
been over to say hello.
- It's not a sin to be busy.
How's your grandmother?
- Yeah, she's, erm, managing.
That's why I'm back
to help look after her.
Although I don't know
how much I'm actually helping.
- I'm sure she's
very happy to have you here.
Spending time with loved ones
is always a blessing,
especially as we get older.
At least your mother
is always nearby.
I imagine Lucy
finds comfort in that.
And your grandfather, too.
I'm sure William
is looking over the house,
despite the circumstances.
- Circumstances?
- That he could
see no other way.
Such a tragedy.
- What do you mean?
- Well, I thought...
It's not my place.
- No, please.
- Your grandfather...
took his own life.
- No. No, he didn't.
- I'm so sorry, Anna.
I presumed you knew.
- But that's not true.
He... he died
from a heart attack
from the stress
of my mother's death.
I think William
was so overcome with sadness
that he felt
there was no other choice.
You mother's death
was too much for him.
Karen?
Where are you?
Come on. Come on.
Nan?
Oh my god.
Nana?
Lucy?
Nana? Nan?
Nan?
Nan?!
Nan!
Nan, is that you?
Nan?
Ah!
- Oh...
- Lucy, it's Karen.
Are you okay?
- Help! Help!
Nan! Karen! Help!
Help! Nana! Karen!
- Lucy?
- Help!
- Anna, are you in here?
Lucy?
Is that you, my love?
- Oh, Anna.
If this is you being jokey,
it's not funny.
Anna!
- Who's there?
- Oh! Oh! Oh god, Lucy.
Oh, Lucy. Darling.
Where have you been?
- He's here.
- Oh god.
What...
- Oh, Anna.
Oh my god.
Oh my god, Anna. Anna.
Are you okay?
Come on.
Anna. Anna.
Come on, baby.
Up we go.
It's alright.
Why's the car on?
Why's the car on, darling?
Oh god, Anna.
What's happening, sweetheart?
- Where's Nana?
- She's upstairs.
- Sweetheart.
Why was the car on, darling?
Sweetheart.
Stop.
What's happening?!
- There is something
happening in this house,
and I don't know what it is,
and I can't explain it,
but Nana
knows something about it.
- Sweetheart, darling,
now I know
you've been stressed.
- Stressed?! Stressed?
You think stress
locked me in the garage?
Come on on, Karen,
she knows something.
I think she's been trying
to tell us this whole time,
and we've just dismissed it
because of her illness.
It's Dad. It's Dad.
Anna! Anna! Anna!
The wallpaper's changed.
- We're at Karen's house.
- I know where we are.
The wallpaper used to be yellow,
it was better then.
Karen said we can
stay here for a little while.
- Well, how long are we staying?
- I don't know, Nan.
- Can we see
the birds again soon?
- Karen probably has birds
that visit her garden.
- They fly wherever they want,
but they always come back.
- Nan...
I have to ask you something
and it might upset you, okay?
I know about Grandad,
about what he did.
- What he did?
- Taking his own life, Nan.
Was it something to do with Mum,
because she died?
- You remind me
of her so much.
I didn't know.
- You didn't know what, Nan?
- William was sick.
He...
he...
hurt our little girl.
I didn't know.
I didn't know
until it was too late.
I never would've
let him hurt my Maggie.
When your mother died...
...your father learnt the truth.
She was your daughter.
Your daughter!
You're sick!!
- Mum's death...
My birth...
It exposed him.
- My daughter
won't ever know you exist.
You're never coming near Anna!
- His secret was out.
He got blind drunk.
- He got drunk and killed
himself after Maggie's funeral,
because he was a coward.
- William destroyed our family.
- Nan.
- "Behold, I was
brought forth in iniquity,
and in sin
my mother conceived me."
We are all born
with the capacity to sin,
but each one of us
is ultimately responsible
for our own sins
and for the choices we make.
God said,
"Let us make man in our image,
after our likeness."
"And let them have dominion
over the fish of the sea,
"the birds of the heavens,
and every creeping thing
that creepeth upon the earth."
Dominion, an interesting word...
power and control,
the authority to rule over.
Dominion implies ownership,
the power to impose our will,
to exploit
for self-serving desires.
It is none of these things.
Having dominion over something
is a grave responsibility,
the responsibility
not to impose our power,
but to allow all living things
the choice to be good.
What makes us human
is not being good,
but choosing to be good.
Choosing to reject evil
and repent our sins.
Choosing wisdom over fear,
love over hate,
because through wisdom and love
all things are possible.
When we recognize
our sins and repent,
only then are we free
to move forward,
be at peace,
and live in
the light of God's love.
- ♪ Guide me
O thou great Redeemer
♪ Pilgrim through
This barren land ♪♪
- Lovely to see you
in church, Anna.
May I?
- Please.
Do you believe in evil?
- Well, yes.
I somewhat have to.
Good goes hand in hand with bad.
If I believe in God, I have to
believe in the other guy.
I have no doubt
evil exists in this world.
- I need your help.
- Anna, you're obviously
under a lot of pressure.
Looking after someone
like your grandmother,
with her symptoms,
it's a very stressful situation.
If you're happy to,
I'd like us to pray together.
- What happens now?
- I do not know.
- I'm so sorry
I was a bit dismissive,
I know I shouldn't have been,
and I'm so sorry.
- I wouldn't have
believed me, either.
- With your dad's death
and your gran's condition,
I just thought you were--
- Stressed.
- Yeah.
- Karen, you of all people do
not need to apologize to me.
I don't know what
I would've done without you.
- Your gran's right,
you're so like your mum.
She used to babysit me,
you know?
- Mum did?
- Yeah.
You know, thinking about it now.
She always seemed
to be so relieved
to get away from the house.
Can't even begin to imagine
what she was going through.
William was such a stern man,
he was scary,
he used to scare me actually,
but...
You know you can stay here
for as long as you need to,
don't you?
- It's okay. Shh. It's okay.
It's okay, Nan.
- It's okay, Nan.
Nan?
- I mean,
I was downstairs the whole time,
I just don't know
how she got past me.
- No, it's fine.
We just need to find her.
Oh my god.
- Just in case.
- Okay.
Nan?
- Lucy?
- Nana?
- It's only us, darling.
Lucy?
- It's my fault.
- Oh, Nan.
Here you go, Nan.
We can't stay here.
- We have to go, now.
- Fine by me.
It's alright, sweetheart.
This way, darling.
- No!
Leave them alone.
Just take me.
- Lucy!
- Just take me. Just take me.
- I've got you.
- Okay, this way.
It's okay.
It's alright, sweetheart.
Anna, we've got to
get her in the chair.
I'll get the door.
- Here you go, Nan.
I've got you now.
I've got it.
Come on! Come on!!
- Karen! Karen.
Karen, can you hear me?
Karen?
Karen...
- You hurt our little girl.
- Leave us alone!
- William, you were
supposed to protect us,
but you destroyed out family.
I hate you.
- No!
- Stop.
- She was your daughter.
Your daughter!
You're sick!
- Please stop.
I buried my daughter today.
- Tell her.
- Tell me what?
No. Oh...
- William?
It isn't true, is it?
- William.
Lucy.
Lucy?
- No!
- Lucy!
Lucy!
Lucy.
What?
Somehow, despite you,
my mother found happiness.
I'm living proof
of my parents love, real love,
not the sick ordeal
you put her through,
you deserve to die.
No! You do not get to
play this song anymore.
- Dad?
- Mm-hmm.
- What was Mum like?
- Your mother was beautiful,
and clever,
kind,
and so brave,
just like you.
Nan. Nan.
Oh, Nan.
No, Nan.
Oh, no. No, no.
♪ A love no one understands
♪ You and me
Always hand in hand
♪ Some say its wrong
But I don't care
♪ A love like ours
Is far too rare
♪ I won't stop
♪ This love won't end for me
♪ Passionate lovers
And best friends to be
♪ I am always watching
♪ I'm always waiting for you
♪ Oh, don't you worry, my dear
♪ I'm by your side
Yes, I'm always near
♪ Don't you cry
No, not a tear
♪ I'll be right here
So you've nothing to fear
♪ I was lost
In a cloud of confusion
♪ Somehow you found me
In a smokey illusion
♪ Memories of you and me
♪ I hold them dearly
♪ Oh, I stop
There's no one there for me
♪ Passionate lovers
And best friends to be
♪ I am always watching
♪ You are the one love for me ♪♪